README.md, before:

# Algorithm

## Array

- [75. Sort Colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/)
- [162. Find Peak Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-peak-element/)
- [209. Minimum Size Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/)
- [283. Move Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/)
- [704. Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/)
- [724. Find Pivot Index](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-pivot-index/)

## Stack

- [20. Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)
- [1047. Remove All Adjacent Duplicates In String](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string/)
- [1249. Minimum Remove to Make Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-remove-to-make-valid-parentheses/)

## Greedy

- [1578. Minimum Time to Make Rope Colorful](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-time-to-make-rope-colorful/)
- [1710. Maximum Units on a Truck](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-units-on-a-truck/)

## Dynamic Programming

- [64. Minimum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-path-sum/)
- [70. Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/)
- [322. Coin Change](https://leetcode.com/problems/coin-change/)
- [509. Fibonacci Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/)
- [746. Min Cost Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-cost-climbing-stairs/)

## Graph

- [841. Keys and Rooms](https://leetcode.com/problems/keys-and-rooms/)

## Math, Bit

- [136. Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/)

Commit message:

Leetcode 323. Number of Connected Components in an Undirected Graph

README.md, after:

# Algorithm

## Array

- [75. Sort Colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/)
- [162. Find Peak Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-peak-element/)
- [209. Minimum Size Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/)
- [283. Move Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/)
- [704. Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/)
- [724. Find Pivot Index](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-pivot-index/)

## Stack

- [20. Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)
- [1047. Remove All Adjacent Duplicates In String](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string/)
- [1249. Minimum Remove to Make Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-remove-to-make-valid-parentheses/)

## Greedy

- [1578. Minimum Time to Make Rope Colorful](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-time-to-make-rope-colorful/)
- [1710. Maximum Units on a Truck](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-units-on-a-truck/)

## Dynamic Programming

- [64. Minimum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-path-sum/)
- [70. Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/)
- [322. Coin Change](https://leetcode.com/problems/coin-change/)
- [509. Fibonacci Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/)
- [746. Min Cost Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-cost-climbing-stairs/)

## Graph

- [323. Number of Connected Components in an Undirected Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-connected-components-in-an-undirected-graph/)
- [841. Keys and Rooms](https://leetcode.com/problems/keys-and-rooms/)

## Math, Bit

- [136. Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/)
